Looks like you need a timeout, because that was a really immature thing to say.
Oops, you just earned a timeout for your inappropriate language.
Come on now, let's keep it clean. Timeout for you!
That was a low blow. Timeout for you, buddy.
Sorry, but you can't use that kind of language here. Timeout!
You've earned yourself a timeout for that inappropriate comment.
Looks like you need to cool off for a bit. Timeout for you!
I'm sorry, but that language is not allowed here. Timeout for you, my friend.
That was a really offensive comment. Timeout for you!
You know better than to use language like that. Timeout for you!
Grow up and learn some manners. Timeout for your bad behavior.
Come on now, we don't tolerate that kind of language here. Timeout for you!
That's a no-no word. Timeout for you, my friend.
You crossed the line there. Timeout for you, buddy.
We don't allow that kind of behavior here. Timeout for you!
It's time for a timeout, because you can't seem to control your language.
You need to watch your language. Timeout for you!
That kind of language won't be tolerated here. Timeout for you!
Sorry, but you just earned yourself a timeout for that inappropriate comment.
You know the rules. No swearing allowed. Timeout for you!
That was a really immature thing to say. Timeout for you!
We don't tolerate that kind of language here. Timeout for you!
That was a really offensive comment. Timeout for you, buddy.
Time to take a break and think about your language. Timeout for you!
Sorry, but that kind of language is not acceptable here. Timeout for you!
You've got to watch your language, my friend. Timeout for you!
No need to be rude. Timeout for you!
That kind of language is not welcome here. Timeout for you!
You've earned yourself a timeout for that inappropriate comment.
Time to cool off and rethink your language. Timeout for you!
That's a no-no word. Timeout for you, my friend.
You just crossed a line. Timeout for you, buddy.
Sorry, but that language is not allowed here. Timeout for you!
You need to learn some manners. Timeout for your bad behavior.
Come on now, that's not appropriate language. Timeout for you!
We don't tolerate that kind of behavior here. Timeout for you!
Looks like you need to take a timeout and think about your words.
You know better than to use language like that. Timeout for you!
That kind of language won't be tolerated here. Timeout for you!
Sorry, but you just earned yourself a timeout for that inappropriate language.
You've got to watch your mouth, my friend. Timeout for you!
That was a really immature thing to say. Timeout for you!
You know the rules. No swearing allowed. Timeout for you!
That kind of language is not welcome here. Timeout for you!
You need to learn some respect. Timeout for your bad behavior.
We don't tolerate that kind of language here. Timeout for you!
Come on now, that was really offensive. Timeout for you!
Time to cool off and think about your words. Timeout for you!
You've earned yourself a timeout for that inappropriate comment.
